AI in RFCs (#16892)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/communication.md

_However_ please write notes on such a call - to ensure everyone _is_ on the same page. This could then be copy pasted into an RFC for transparency's sake / future reference.

### How should I use AI when writing RFCs?

> RFCs are the place where we do concentrated origial thinking. This thinking should not be outsourced to AI - even given context AI writes content that is average and unoriginal, difficult to read (adjective-stuffing, anyone?), and places emphasis on the wrong things. RFCs should be largely hand-written, especially sections that define the problem, potential solutions, and question/answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFCs are the place where we do concentrated, original thinking. This thinking should not be outsourced to AI. Even when given context, AI writes content that is average and unoriginal, difficult to read (adjective-stuffing, anyone?), and places emphasis on the wrong things. RFCs should be largely hand-written, especially sections that define the problem, potential solutions, and question/answer.
```

> RFCs are the place where we do concentrated original thinking. This thinking should not be outsourced to AI - even given context AI writes content that is average and unoriginal, difficult to read (adjective-stuffing, anyone?), and places emphasis on the wrong things. RFCs should be largely hand-written, especially sections that define the problem, potential solutions, and question/answer.

Author: ```suggestion
RFCs are the place where we do concentrated, original thinking. This thinking should not be outsourced to AI. Even when given context, AI writes content that is average and unoriginal, difficult to read (adjective-stuffing, anyone?), and places emphasis on the wrong things. RFCs should be largely hand-written, especially sections that define the problem, potential solutions, and question/answer.
```
